---
title: "Anger in a good cause"
description: "Every time in our life all the peoples said that don’t be angry, it is not good for health. It leads to destruction and many more things told to us about anger. Overall anger is not good for anyone…"
date: "2017-02-02T08:31:44.291Z"
categories: 
  - Education
  - India

published: true
canonicalLink: https://medium.com/@nitingupta220/anger-in-a-good-cause-5b8c09db2347
---

Every time in our life all the peoples said that don’t be angry, it is not good for health. It leads to destruction and many more things told to us about anger. Overall anger is not good for anyone.  
But would you think that anger is good in some way for taking decisions and when anger comes there is a new idea came along with him? At first, you thought that what I am talking about no one has gain benefit from anger. But Boss let me tell you to think that anger is good sometimes but when it is for good cause. And now you thought that who takes ideas from anger. Yes, you are thinking right. Even when I am angry I will also not be able to think what is good or bad. And I always take wrong decisions in anger.   
But there is one person when he is angry he collects an idea from it. Yeah, our Noble Peace Prize winner **Kailash Satyarthi** is the one who takes ideas from anger. Many of you don’t know about him. Let me first introduce him, he was the Noble Peace Prize winner in 2014 along with the **Malala Yousufzai**. He won the Noble Prize for his actions taken against for child labor. He is a child right activist. He fights for the child rights who treats as labors. And he also starts a campaign named “**Bachpan Bachao Andolan**” who finds the children who are treating like slaves and make them free.   
Let’s come to our talk, so **Kailash Satyarthi** is the one who takes ideas from anger. He said that in his life many of the brightest ideas came from his anger.   
Let me share some incidents of his life with you:  
On the occasion of **Mahatma Gandhi’s** centenary, his age was 15. All the people celebrate this day with great joy. Kailash is a big admirer of Mahatma Gandhi. And he also wants to celebrate it but in a different way. So he organizes a lunch for great leaders of his town who eats food that cooked and served by the untouchables. For this, he goes to many lower caste people and tried to convince them for this cause. At first, they refuse to do this. But finally, they were convinced. And then he goes to many leaders and told them his idea and every leader wants to come and join him for this cause. When the day comes, they wait for the leaders to come but none of the leaders came. He was very sad and emotionally drained. And later when he came back to his house, he saw that his mother and other elderly women of his family are crying and pleading to some elder people of high caste. They wanted to outcaste his family from the society. Let me tell you that outcasting the family is the biggest punishment in that time. But then they convinced by the crying of his mother and wanted to punish only Kailash, they wanted Kailash to go to 600 miles away from his house to river Ganges and take a holy dip and after that organize a feast for 100 priests and wash their feets with water and drink that water. Isn’t you think that what the rubbish work is this? Like you Kailash also refuses to do that work. So finally his punishment was he doesn’t allow to go to his kitchen, his dining room and his utensils were separated. At that time he thought that what is this? Then he fights for this and gave himself the new name **“Satyarthi”** which means **“Seeker of Truth”**. In an interview, he said that after this incident he has a great idea. He wants to finish the border lines of the caste system. And this is his anger that gives him the idea.   
Another incident from his life was that when he goes back to his hometown Delhi, he saw a group of people who was trafficked by someone. He stops those people and complains to the police. But instead of helping him the police officer locks him in the jail. At that night the brightest and biggest idea of his life was came. The idea was to educate the people about child-labor-free rugs.   
At the age of 27, he frees a girl who throws in the world of prostitution and that thing gave him the idea of raid and rescue, freeing children from slavery and the girls from prostitution. Now he saves almost 83,000 children and takes back them to their families.  
All his life is full of stories that inspire us. But when someone asks what is the inspiration for him. He said that whenever he frees a child the joy on child’s face is the inspiration to him.   
We all should respect him. He is such a great personality.