---
title: "“Responsible Cabbie”"
description: "If you are a resident of Delhi and work late nights in your office then there’s a possibility that many times you take public cabs to reaching your destination. But taking cabs in Delhi at late night…"
date: "2017-02-14T13:58:01.457Z"
categories: 
  - Uber
  - Taxi

published: true
canonicalLink: https://medium.com/@nitingupta220/responsible-cabbie-f364cb924475
---

If you are a resident of **Delhi** and work late nights in your office then there’s a possibility that many times you take public cabs to reaching your destination. But taking cabs in Delhi at late night is not good every time. Because sometimes you heard the cases related to cab drivers like they demand higher fares, not dropping at your location and much more like that. But if you are a woman then there are many problems like harassment, molestation and the bigger of all you have the fear of being raped by the driver. This sounds awkward but there are many cases in Delhi when the driver forcefully wants to do something with the woman but when the woman denies he raped her. So every time when a woman wants to pick a cab late night she ensures all the safety related things first. This shows how a woman feels insecure in our society and she can’t even go outside late nights. Do you think that we all can change this? I want to say that if a woman works late in her office and came back very late. She doesn’t feel insecure and also doesn’t have any security issues. I don’t think that we can change the mentality of everyone. But it starts with the one person. You don’t have to change the mentality of everyone you just have to change only yours. And the world will change some day. I hope it works! But if we don’t start how could we say that it didn’t work. So I’ll tell you a story of a cab driver where he shares his thinking about the woman who travels by his cab.   
**Sahil Tomar**, a cab driver from Delhi who has his own thinking about the female passengers who travel by his cab. He tells his experiences about when he came to Delhi he faces many difficulties in this city. He is a son of a farmer and comes from UP. While in school he is found difficult to read and write. So he tries his hand in farming also but sooner he realizes that farming is not a cup of his tea. So he thoughts that what can he do to earn his bread and butter. He knows driving so he comes to Delhi for drive cabs. But sooner he realizes that the environment of Delhi is way ahead of his hometown. Many times when a woman passenger travels by his cab sits in the front seat with him and it is very unusual for him to sit beside her. Because he comes from a community where the woman wears sarees with their long “**ghoonghatas**” and they call it is as a respect of the boss of the family. But here the process is totally opposite. But he also hears the story of cab drivers who harass the ladies who travel in their cabs. But his thinking is way apart from others. Sometimes when a woman is traveling by his car, she shares all the details of his cab and also a pic of his also. This shows the insecurity. But Sahil is something different from others, he thinks that when a woman is traveling by his cab it not only his duty to drop her but also it his duty that she doesn’t feel insecure. His thinking is very good and I also appreciates his thoughts.