---
title: "How to fix the broken Education system?"
description: "Education is the most important thing in everyone’s life. Everyone needs to be educated. With education, you can do anything in the world. I also think that education is the most important for kids…"
date: "2017-02-03T07:36:24.582Z"
categories: 
  - Education
  - Education Reform

published: true
canonicalLink: https://medium.com/@nitingupta220/how-to-fix-the-broken-education-system-b74ace253630
---

**Education** is the most important thing in everyone’s life. Everyone needs to be educated. With education, you can do anything in the world. I also think that education is the most important for kids.   
In India, there are many problems with the education system. Like there are many public schools in India which give free education, free workbooks and also give free meals but parents still not send their children to public schools rather they prefer to send their children to private schools. Why? What is the problem that parents prefer to send their children to private schools? It looks like the education system in India is broken. So how to fix that broken system. There are many ways to fix it. But no one wants to take an initiative to fix it. They keep on saying that education system is not good. It needs to be changed. So come forward by yourself and change it.   
For fixing this education system someone has to take a step. And for this purpose, a lady named **Seema Bansal**, come in front and takes serious steps for it. Seema is currently working with the **Haryana** **Govt**. for making the education level better in public schools in Haryana. When she started there are many questions comes in front of her. At first, people said to her that the teachers of public schools can’t come to school, they don’t know how to teach and much more like this. But when they go to school to take a survey of what’s the problem. They talk to teachers and realized that most of the days, most of the teachers are inside the school. But they are not teaching. They are doing just random things like they supervised the construction of the classroom and the toilet. And when she asks them why would they not teach. They said that this is their duty and when anyone comes to check the progress of schools they will check that construction of classrooms and the toilets.   
So now Seema has more problems, she not only has to correct the education system but give the teachers a motivation to teach. Then she and her team start think about the solution. She spends lots of time to think the solution. And one day she visits a school and saw a teacher who picks up stones and sticks from the garden and takes them into the classroom and gives them to students. That’s the point where she got a unique idea. The idea is that they told the teachers that when they teach a chapter they just have to do a simple activity for this. This creates curiousness for students to learn. So she and her team started to give teachers some related activities to the chapter and tell them to use the objects that are near to them. And they also started the rewarding system. And now when a supervisor comes to inspect the school they not only see the progress of schools, they will also notice the quality of education of teacher. On this basis, the teachers and schools were get rewarded.   
But it is impossible them to go to each school and tell them the instructions for teaching. So for this, they created a WhatsApp group and when any of the teachers have a query they just post his query in the group. And they get instant reply not only from the headquarters but from the teachers from other states as well.   
This initiative is very good. I hope that she and her team will succeed in providing good education system.